h2. Version 1.8.7

* hanke: Indonesia (thanks @rjhaveri)!

h2. Version 1.8.6

* hanke: Zambia and mobile numbers for Kenya (thanks @rjhaveri)!

h2. Version 1.8.5

* hanke: Fixes Brazil (thanks @knorrium)!
* hanke: Fixes Estonia (thanks @kritik)!

h2. Version 1.8.4

* hanke: Rwanda (thanks @rjhaveri)!

h2. Version 1.8.3

* hanke: Cambodia (thanks @dwilkie)!

h2. Version 1.8.2

* jcfischer: Gibraltar, Malta, Cyprus, Estonia, Monaco

h2. Version 1.8.1

* hanke: Morocco & Sudan (thanks @jcfischer)!

h2. Version 1.8.0

* hanke: Countries are now plausibility checked less harshly.

h2. Version 1.7.12

* hanke: Luxembourg & Nigeria (thanks @jcfischer)!

h2. Version 1.7.11

* hanke: Many improvements to UK numbers (thanks @g1smd)!

h2. Version 1.7.10

* hanke: More improvements to UK numbers.

h2. Version 1.7.9

* hanke: Many improvements to UK numbers (thanks @g1smd)!

h2. Version 1.7.8

* hanke: Closes "https://github.com/floere/phony/issues/53":https://github.com/floere/phony/issues/53. Countries who don't have NDCs are now also plausible.

h2. Version 1.7.7

* hanke: Russia, added catchall in last rule and group in regexp.

h2. Version 1.7.6

* hanke: Russia, Kazakhstan, Abhasia *and* South Osetia (thanks glebm)!

h2. Version 1.7.5

* hanke: Fix for issue #47. If a number contains a rest (CC + NDC + rest) size that is in the range of @1..2@, it is not considered plausible (ie. @plausible?@ will return @false@).

h2. Version 1.7.4

* hanke: Fix for issue #45. Irish phone numbers with unrecognized NDCs are now formatted better when using @:national@ formatting (thanks theirishpenguin!).

h2. Version 1.7.3

* hanke: Fix for issue #44. @Phony.plausible?('353')@ now returns false (on any number, if the NDC is missing, thanks theirishpenguin!).

h2. Version 1.7.2

* hanke: Fix for issue #42. @CountryCodes#clean@ is not destructive anymore, while @CountryCodes#clean!@ is.

h2. Version 1.7.1

* hanke: Polish number support much improved (thanks filiptepper!).

h2. Version 1.7.0

* hanke: Specifiable whether a zero is added in front of the NDC when formatting with format @:national@. Example: The US adds none, while Vietnam or Switzerland have one.
* hanke: Internal #split method is now more consistent. If there is no NDC, it will return nil. Also, it will return a @"0"@ in front of the NDC if a country needs that prefix, and @nil@ if not.

h2. Version 1.6.8

* hanke: Vietnam! (Closes "issue #39":https://github.com/floere/phony/issues/39)

h2. Version 1.6.7

* hanke: Improvements to the experimental @plausible?(number, hints = {})@ feature. It is now possible to give the hints @cc@ and @ndc@ a regexp, as in @Phony.plausible?("1-434-123-1234", cc: /1|7/, ndc: /4(34|35)/)@.

h2. Version 1.6.6

* hanke: Experimental @plausible?@ feature. Checks if the given number is a plausible number. Returns @false@ if 100% not plausible, @true@ if probably true.

h2. Version 1.6.5

* hanke: Ghana (thanks jschwertfeger!).

h2. Version 1.6.4

* hanke: Fix for Ireland's VoIP numbers.

h2. Version 1.6.3

* hanke: Ireland, thanks to stevenyan! (Closes "pull request #36":https://github.com/floere/phony/pull/36)

h2. Version 1.6.1/1.6.2

* hanke: Closes https://github.com/floere/phony/issues/32, normalizing numbers with a double zero at the beginning. Aka the "James Bond" release.

h2. Version 1.6.0

* hanke: Phony's API is now much more lenient by always rendering 10 more numbers. If @split(3, 4)@ is defined in the DSL, it actually behaves as if @split(3, 4 + 10)@ was defined, allowing for irregularities in a country's scheme that Phony did not cover yet.
* hanke: The above change also allows for call-through numbers into offices etc.

h2. Version 1.5.2

* hanke: Fix for argentine republic's numbers (with input by vilcsak, thanks!).

h2. Version 1.5.1

* hanke: Fix for korean service codes incorrectly formatting korean mobile numbers (by vilcsak, thanks!).

h2. Version 1.5.0

* hanke: Raises when nil is handed into @#normalize@, @#split@, or @#format@ – to fail fast and hard. Please handle e.g. using @number && Phony.normalize(number)@, or @number && Phony.format(number)@.

h2. Version 1.4.5

* hanke: Fix for digits being cut off at the end of a greek mobile number (by vilcsak, thanks!).

h2. Version 1.4.4

* hanke: Singapore, Thailand.

h2. Version 1.4.3

* hanke: Fix for digits being cut off at the end of a number (by mrchucho, thanks!).

h2. Version 1.4.2

* hanke: Exposing @Phony::CountryCodes.instance.international_absolute_format@, @Phony::CountryCodes.instance.international_relative_format@, @Phony::CountryCodes.instance.national_format@ (writer & reader) so people can set their special ndc formats. Especially if they use Phony for just one country. (Thanks sarwagya for the inspiration!)

h2. Version 1.4.1

* hanke: Moved @lib/countries.rb@ -> @lib/phony/countries.rb@ (Thanks trans!).

h2. Version 1.4.0

* hanke: Changed @Phony.formatted@ to @Phony.format@. The old method can still be used. (Thanks trans!)

h2. Version 1.3.5

* hanke: Lithuania. Croatia.

h2. Version 1.3.4

* hanke: Slovakia.

h2. Version 1.3.3

* hanke: Australia.

h2. Version 1.3.2

* hanke: Fix. In certain cases, the Phony DSL clashed with existing DSLs.

h2. Version 1.3.1

* hanke: Finland.

h2. Version 1.3.0

* hanke: Easy DSL for defining countries (easier for you to improve phony :) ).
* hanke: Mexico.
* hanke: Cuba.
* hanke: Tunisia.

h2. Version 1.2.11

* hanke: Denmark, Norway. Skøl!

h2. Version 1.2.10

* hanke: The UK. Thanks yet again to kbingman! (Closes "pull request 16":https://github.com/floere/phony/pull/16)

h2. Version 1.2.9

* hanke: Clashing mobile numbers with Liège in Belgium fixed.

h2. Version 1.2.8

* hanke: Fix by glebm, thanks! Italian number handling did produce errors in Ruby 1.8. Closes "issue 13":https://github.com/floere/phony/issues#issue/13.

h2. Version 1.2.7

* hanke: Italian numbers are correctly normalized: Phony.normalize('+390909709511').should == '390909709511' (Zero in front of area code is not removed, closes "issue 12":https://github.com/floere/phony/issues#issue/12)

h2. Version 1.2.6

* hanke: Italy.

h2. Version 1.2.5

* hanke: Portugal. Polish landline (not mobile).

h2. Version 1.2.4

* hanke: Malaysia.

h2. Version 1.2.3

* hanke: South Korea.

h2. Version 1.2.2

* hanke: China.

h2. Version 1.2.1

* hanke: Turkey.

h2. Version 1.2.0

* hanke: Removed dependency on active support.

h2. Version 1.1.9

* hanke: Made the gem substantially smaller.

h2. Version 1.1.8

* hanke: Adds german 5-digits code formatting (Thanks ledermann!).

h2. Version 1.1.7

* hanke: Afghanistan. Venezuela.

h2. Version 1.1.6

* hanke: German 180, 181 numbers (Thanks kbingman and jcfischer!).

h2. Version 1.1.5

* hanke: Peru. Brasil. Chile.

h2. Version 1.1.3

* hanke: Romania.

h2. Version 1.1.2

* hanke: Sweden. Russia.

h2. Version 1.1.1

* hanke: The Netherlands (Thanks alloy and manfred!).

h2. Version 1.1.0

* hanke: German IVPNs. Poland. Greece. Egypt. Italy. Vanity number handling. Austria. Lots of code structure.

h2. Version 1.0.1

* hanke: Descriptions and dependencies changed.

h2. Version 1.0.0

* hanke: First release! Lots of countries.
